Add Tom's log config example (#6143)
dask/dask: docs/source/debugging.rst

<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redirection_(computing)#Redirecting_to_and_from_the_standard_file_handles>`_
.

You can control the logging verbosity in the :doc:`configuration`, for example,

> the ``~/.dask/config.yaml`` file.

Reviewer: I know this was here already, but `~/.dask/config.yaml` has been [deprecated](https://docs.dask.org/en/latest/configuration.html#yaml-files) and so now may be a good time to update the example config file given here

```suggestion
the ``~/.config/dask`` file.
```

     distributed.client: warning
     bokeh: error

> The specific components which you can set are ``distributed.client``,  ``distributed.scheduler``,
> ``distributed.nanny``, and ``distributed.worker`` so, for example, you could add a line
> like ``distributed.worker: debug`` to get

Reviewer: I suspect these are probably the most widely configured logs, but in general other modules like `distributed.core` or `distributed.utils` also have loggers that can be configured. Could we add an "etc." to the existing list to leave the door open for other loggers

```suggestion
Logging for specific components like ``distributed.client``,  ``distributed.scheduler``,
``distributed.nanny``, ``distributed.worker``, etc. can each be independently configured. So, for example, you could add a line like ``distributed.worker: debug`` to get
```

*very* verbose output from the workers.

Furthermore, you can explicitly assign handlers to loggers. The following example
assigns both file ("output.log") and console output to the scheduler and workers.
See the `python logging`_ documentation for information on the meaning of
specific terms here.

.. code-block:: yaml

logging:
  version: 1
  handlers:
    file:
      class: logging.handlers.RotatingFileHandler
      filename: output.log
      level: INFO
    console:
      class: logging.StreamHandler
      level: INFO
  loggers:
    distributed.worker:
      level: INFO
      handlers: ["file", "console"]
    distributed.scheduler:
      level: INFO

>       handlers: ["file", "console"]

Reviewer: This section should be indented

Author: Instead of a json-like list? I thought compact would be nice.

Reviewer: I just mean indenting each line one more level so that sphinx renders this `.. code-block:: yaml` section properly. Currently it looks like 

<img width="729" alt="Screen Shot 2020-04-28 at 8 17 12 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11656932/80491918-f4fadd80-8928-11ea-83ed-ee8a6fc8780a.png">

Author: Got it.
I swear this was right before and my ide must have done it.

     distributed.client: warning
     bokeh: error

The specific components which you can set are ``distributed.client``,  ``distributed.scheduler``,
``distributed.nanny``, and ``distributed.worker`` so, for example, you could add a line
like ``distributed.worker: debug`` to get
*very* verbose output from the workers.

Furthermore, you can explicitly assign handlers to loggers. The following example
assigns both file ("output.log") and console output to the scheduler and workers; this case is done
in code. See the `python logging`_ documentation for information on the meaning of
specific terms here.

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on converting this to YAML and writing the example as if you're in the dask-config?

Otherwise we should have a strong warning that the changes here need to be applied before any workers are created (and perhaps before distributed is even imported. I don't recall what all is done at import time).

Author: It would be nice to have both, but that would be rather long. I don't think there's an example of complex configuration by code elsewhere ( @quasiben ?)

Reviewer 2: To be clear, I'd say just have the YAML version.

```yaml
# ~/.config/dask/dask.yaml
logging:
  version: 1
  handlers:
    file:
      class: logging.handlers.RotatingFileHandler
...
```

I *think* that should work.

Author: What is the `version: 1`, by the way?

Reviewer 2: It's required by Python's logging config: https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.config.html#dictionary-schema-details
